# DeroDev Talk Meeting - January 26, 2026

## Meeting Information

- **Date:** January 26, 2026
- **Time:** 14:00 EST
- **Location:** Element (Online)
- **Attendees:** MoralPriest, Azylem, quickbrownfox, memetactician, CaptainFirmware

## Agenda (120 min)

1. Opening & Priorities (20 min)
2. Ongoing Issues (30 min)
3. Dev Workflows & Tools (15 min)
4. Open Questions & Discussion (55 min)

## Pre-meeting Preparation

- [ ] Update issue tracker with current blockers
- [ ] Prepare demo materials if presenting
- [ ] Review previous meeting action items
- [ ] Submit questions/topics beforehand

## Meeting Notes

### 1. Opening & Priorities

### 2. Ongoing Issues

### 3. Dev Workflows & Tools

### 4. Open Questions & Discussion

## Key Decisions

## Action Items

| Item | Owner | Status |
|------|-------|--------|
| Element bug: screen sharing | @MoralPriest | |
| File construct TelaPR | @Azylem | |
| Simulator bug v2 - better structure | @MoralPriest | |
| GitHub PR submission flow | @MoralPriest | |
| GitHub GPG Signatures | @MoralPriest | |
| Fast sync dero node - fails resumability | @Azylem | |
| Gnomon Engram integration | @Azylem | |
| Contribute.MD file | @Firmware | |
| Assign people to write documentation | @quickbrownfox | |
| Cold wallet implementation - PoW offline | @quickbrownfox | |
| CLI Wallet bug - transferring all assets | @MoralPriest & @Azylem | |
| List ongoing issues | @Team | |
| Assign person for documentation topic | @quickbrownfox | |
| Document how to write a SC guide | @Team | |
| Analyze TNN Miner and remove call home | @MoralPriest | |
